Add v0.10.0 change log (#182)
moovfinancial/moov-go: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v0.10.0 (Released 2025-03-04)

Reviewer: looks like there's a few more updates we should include here -- e.g. https://github.com/moovfinancial/moov-go/commit/88b7916e1949449cc4aa12e21b7069f0f646b935

Author: done

BREAKING CHANGES

> - transfers: switch to newer `/accounts/{accountID}`-prefixed endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- transfers: update methods to use the `/accounts/{accountID}`-prefixed endpoints
```

Author: done

> - transfers: update transfer methods to accept an accountID parameter

Reviewer: think we can remove this line since that's reflected in the line above already

Author: done

> - transfers: add cancellation API endpoints and client methods

Reviewer: this isn't a breaking change, would put this under ADDITIONS

Author: it wouldn't? i was thinking it was a breaking change since if they were using this new version, calls to existing client methods would error because they now have to pass in accountID as param.. unless I'm misinterpreting what "breaking change" means

Author: breaking change = new behavior in the API?

Reviewer: i'm referring to the new cancellation methods -- those are only additive

Author: got it- placed in a separate section `ADDITIONS`

## v0.10.0 (Released 2025-03-04)

BREAKING CHANGES

- transfers: update methods to use the `/accounts/{accountID}`-prefixed endpoints

ADDITIONS

- transfers: add cancellation API endpoints and client methods

> - cards: update `CardDetails` model to use new `CardTransactionStatus` enum

Reviewer: this should go back into `breaking changes` since it's converting an existing field from `string` to an `enum`
